yo house come gosh my name is Quan fhd
and welcome back to another gt5 online
video in today's video I'm gonna be
showing the best solo money glitch after
patch you up on 18 the solo money glitch
thats currently only worked for the xbox
360 and playstation 3 the solo money
glitch is definitely the best and
easiest out there it gets you millions
by duplicating cars and sell them that's
all I'm going to show you in today's
video and with all that being said guys
let's get straight into the money glitch
so to actually begin a solo money glitch
first of all you want to start up with
solo session and make sure to solo
session where you're doing this glitch
otherwise it will not work for you from
there you want to make sure you have no
money in character and the easiest way
to do that is to post open your money
into the bank then switch to your second
character and we've got all the money
and then switch back to your first
character from your gang to your garage
and you want to grab anything you want
to duplicate in my case I'm using the
bento but it works any vehicle let's
keep in mind to Pendle sells for the
most amount of money but once you got
into the faith we want to duplicate
drive the outside of your garage i would
highly recommend using the clip stars
for the split with anyways once you cut
outside of the garage or what you guys
don't want to do is go to this little
corner you guys see me going to right
now in the video just go to the exact
location where i am then you just want
to park a car right here between this
two walls if you then press Y or
triangle you should teleport outside of
your vehicle from this point you're
going to look for a random car of the
street and once you finally found dead
carcass treat all you guys don't want to
do let's get back to your garage I pop
your phone and call Merriweather
once you call Mary whether you want to
hover over any option guys get out the
fourth in my case I cannot afford an air
strike so what you guys don't want to do
spark the random vehicle off the street
just like this and get outside of that
vehicle so Ameer press Y or triangle to
get back entity vehicle and as soon as
your butt heads to see it you're going
to press the a or X button on ps3
idanian shipping on this alert screen
once on this on our screen and you heard
the door close you want to spend the a
or expedient from there it brings you to
the game store because you don't have
enough money basically once the gamester
fluids up you're going to back out of it
once you spawn back entity soul
extension you want to turn around and
walk towards the car between the two
walls and after three seconds press Y or
triangle to get into the vehicle you
want to duplicate from you're spoiling
the mini-map should flash two times and
then it's going to teleport you straight
into the garage this glitch is really
tricky and for me to work the second
time but just give this a cup of tribes
and then should finally work but once
you go dead car into garage you want to
walk outside a Chanel as a personal
vehicle right there parked on the street
I want you to drive that car back to the
garage duplication glitch has
successfully worked and I have two
bundles so it's pretty much that easy
duplicate anybody would like just do
this click over and over again tell you
guys have a full garage if you guys want
to if you want to make some quick cash
get into the first car you teleport
inside if you collage and drive it off
the low Sun its customs and sell it so
that's pretty much the glitch make sure
to this over and over again and make a
limited money so hope you guys enjoy
this video and this scribe HD and I'm
out
you